# serene-wedding
This is for my project 1 in class CIS 344 and this is where the documentation will go!

So as you already know I am doing my project based on the theme of a wedding planning service site in which I called it Serene Weddings. Very fiting of this site. I started off by using homework 2 as a basis for this website as it already had some of the components in which I wanted to keep true. Those componets were some of the html page which had the header and the footer. Along side the php files in which i later scrapped some of them and used the others by adding more code onto it that better fit the theme I was going for. I also went back and used the fall2024 file as another refrence for what I wanted on my site which was a sign up form that was extensive and had all the things that were featured in your orderform. I original one I had didnt take me to another page after pressing the button. But the one you made in chapter 7 did. I looked into it and tailored it to fit my theme. As you can see with the coding and the outcome of the echo it is tailered to ask for your name, email, and password twice. Now if done right (if the passwords match) itll then send you to a page which confirms your sign up with it spitting back your name, email and the time in whcih you did it. Along with that change I completely revamped the 3 other pages to glammer it up and give it some life. I am very proficient in using css and flexbox at that so you will see me use it alot in this project to line up the text and pictures exactly I wanted them to. I use it in just about everything---from the header, to the main content to the footer. It was fun doing it this way and it really made me feel like I was truely learning as I was putting it all together. I used websites that wouldnt have any copywrite issues with the photos in which i learned from my last semester class. With these 3 websites I scrounded up as much photos as I needed to make this project feel complete and just make sense. I also went to google fonts and added some to the site that make it seem more like a wedding website. I didnt really understand the purpose of php but in using it in combination with the other languages that I now understand the need for this language. It makes it easier to jsut add things like for example, headers onto any site without having to repaste it; you can just use php to essentially drag it onto it. It is very neat and on top of that it is used for interactive purposes like the form. The challenges I had faced at first was that I was getting alot of errors with using php. One, it was printing out my code instead of the actual page if that makes sense. I had realized that I wasnt putting it into the xampp folder. Then after that was fixed for some reason all the changes I was making to the index page wouldnt update on the website. No matter what I did it just wouldnt print out what I had just finished coding. I had to look it up on youtube but the solution was essentially just pressing on inspect, and holding refresh until you get the option to empty cache and i guess that like hard refreshes the site and that fixed it. Once the pages were actually rendering how they were supposed to the rest was easy. Well not easy but I didnt have any more technical difficulties. I hope you like this site because it took alot of time for me to make it. Thank you!
